Sonar-dotnet: Migrate multiple rules to LaYC level 2 (#2033)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2953/csharp/rule.adoc

Unlike managed memory, which is taken care of by the https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/garbage-collection/fundamentals[garbage collection], 

The interface declares a https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.idisposable.dispose[Dispose] method, which the implementer has to define.

The method name `Dispose` should be used exclusively to implement `IDisposable.Dispose` to prevent any confusion.

It may be tempting to create a `Dispose` method for other purposes, but doing so will result in confusion and likely lead to problems in production.

=== Exceptions

Methods named `Dispose` and invoked from the `IDisposable.Dispose` implementation are not reported.

[source,csharp]
----
public class GarbageDisposal : IDisposable
{
  protected virtual void Dispose(bool disposing)
  {
    //...
  }
  public void Dispose() 
  {
    Dispose(true);
    GC.SuppressFinalize(this);
  }
}
----

== How to fix it

First, it is important to determine whether instances of the type defining the `Dispose` method should support the https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.idisposable[IDisposable] interface or not.

> The decision would be based on whether the instance can have unmanaged resources which have to be dealt with, upon destruction or ealier in the lifetime of the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decision would be based on whether the instance can have unmanaged resources which have to be dealt with, upon destruction or earlier in the lifetime of the object.
```

Reviewer: Fix in #2090

> The https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/dispose-pattern[Dispose pattern] can help making the determination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/dispose-pattern[Dispose pattern] can help to take the decision.
```

Reviewer: Fix in #2090
